EDU-4020: add docs for namespace delete protection (#3384)
temporalio/documentation: docs/production-deployment/cloud/account-setup/namespaces.mdx

### Delete a Namespace using tcld

See the [tcld namespace delete](/cloud/tcld/namespace/#delete) command reference for details.

> ### Delete Namespace Protection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Namespace deletion protection {#delete-protection}
```

> To prevent accidental deletion of a Namespace, Temporal Cloud provides a feature to protect against deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent accidental Namespace deletion, Temporal Cloud provides a protection feature.
```

> We recommend enabling this feature for production environments, to ensure that critical data is not unintentionally deleted.

Reviewer 2: nit: 

```suggestion
We recommend enabling delete protection on Namespaces used in production environments to ensure that critical data is not unintentionally deleted.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Visit the [Namespaces page](https://cloud.temporal.io/namespaces) on Temporal Cloud.
- Open your Namespace details page.
- Select the Edit button.
- Scroll down to Security and click the disclosure button (downward-facing caret).
- Enable **Deletion Protection**

![Deletion Protection is enabled by toggling the switch](/img/cloud/namespace/deletion-protection.png)
```

> We recommend enabling delete protection on Namespaces used in production environments, to ensure that critical data is not unintentionally deleted.

Author: I used the "We recommend" phrasing here because unfortunately it is used multiple times in this doc.

Reviewer: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

> We recommend enabling delete protection on Namespaces used in production environments, to ensure that critical data is not unintentionally deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you enable "delete protection" for your production environment Namespaces, you ensure that critical data won't be deleted unintentionally.
```

> To enable or disable this feature using the Temporal Cloud UI, update the security setting on the Namespace edit page.

Reviewer: - Visit the [Namespaces page](https://cloud.temporal.io/namespaces) on Temporal Cloud.
- Open your Namespace details page.
- Select the Edit button.
- Scroll down to Security and click the disclosure button (downward-facing caret).
- Enable **Deletion Protection**

![Deletion Protection is enabled by toggling the switch](/img/cloud/namespace/deletion-protection.png)

> To enable or disable this feature using the Temporal Cloud UI, update the security setting on the Namespace edit page.

Author: I opted to not list out the full set of bullet points like the directions above? but if we want to change it to be consistent i can do that.

Reviewer: You can add details later since this seems to be a rush ticket. Having the step-by-step instructions is valuable to readers.

### Delete a Namespace using tcld

See the [tcld namespace delete](/cloud/tcld/namespace/#delete) command reference for details.

### Namespace deletion protection {#delete-protection}

To prevent accidental Namespace deletion, Temporal Cloud provides a protection feature.
When you enable Deletion Protection for your production environment Namespace, you ensure that critical data won't be deleted unintentionally.
- Visit the [Namespaces page](https://cloud.temporal.io/namespaces) on Temporal Cloud.
- Open your Namespace details page.
- Select the Edit button.
- Scroll down to Security and click the disclosure button (downward-facing caret).
- Enable **Deletion Protection**

![Deletion Protection is enabled by toggling the switch](/img/cloud/namespace/deletion-protection.png)

To enable or disable this feature using [`tcld`](/cloud/tcld), use the following command.
```

> tcld namespace lifecycle set -n <namespace> --enable-delete-protection <true/false>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tcld namespace lifecycle set \
    --namespace <namespace_id.account_id> \
    --enable-delete-protection <Boolean>
```

### Delete a Namespace using tcld

See the [tcld namespace delete](/cloud/tcld/namespace/#delete) command reference for details.

### Namespace deletion protection {#delete-protection}

To prevent accidental Namespace deletion, Temporal Cloud provides a protection feature.

> When you enable "delete protection" for your production environment Namespaces, you ensure that critical data won't be deleted unintentionally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you enable Deletion Protection for your production environment Namespace, you ensure that critical data won't be deleted unintentionally.
```

- Visit the [Namespaces page](https://cloud.temporal.io/namespaces) on Temporal Cloud.
- Open your Namespace details page.
- Select the Edit button.
- Scroll down to Security and click the disclosure button (downward-facing caret).
- Enable **Deletion Protection**

![Deletion Protection is enabled by toggling the switch](/img/cloud/namespace/deletion-protection.png)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> To enable or disable this feature using the Temporal Cloud UI, update the security setting on the Namespace edit page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can enable or disable this feature as needed.
```

### Delete a Namespace using tcld

See the [tcld namespace delete](/cloud/tcld/namespace/#delete) command reference for details.

### Namespace deletion protection {#delete-protection}

To prevent accidental Namespace deletion, Temporal Cloud provides a protection feature.
When you enable Deletion Protection for your production environment Namespace, you ensure that critical data won't be deleted unintentionally.
- Visit the [Namespaces page](https://cloud.temporal.io/namespaces) on Temporal Cloud.
- Open your Namespace details page.
- Select the Edit button.
- Scroll down to Security and click the disclosure button (downward-facing caret).
- Enable **Deletion Protection**

![Deletion Protection is enabled by toggling the switch](/img/cloud/namespace/deletion-protection.png)

> You can enable or disable this feature as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```
tcld namespace lifecycle set \
    --namespace <namespace_id.account_id> \
    --enable-delete-protection <Boolean>

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Set the value to `true` or `false` to enable or disable protection.
```

### Delete a Namespace using tcld

See the [tcld namespace delete](/cloud/tcld/namespace/#delete) command reference for details.

### Namespace deletion protection {#delete-protection}

To prevent accidental Namespace deletion, Temporal Cloud provides a protection feature.

> When you enable Deletion Protection for your production environment Namespace, you ensure that critical data won't be deleted unintentionally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you enable Deletion Protection for your production environment Namespace, you ensure that critical data won't be deleted unintentionally.

Follow these steps:

```
